1. Adding bootstrap messed with my styles. Once the user system is working, go back through and convert what you can to bootstrap.
2. You've made a route to the user profile page. Create a user profile page to display.
3. Add media queries to the CSS for tablet and phone resolutions.
4. Add age display to the growth section.
5. Add a reproduction page (involving punnet squares to track genetics).
6. Bootstrap alert styles seem to interfere with custom formats, fixit?
7: Change the header grid to a flex (would make a little more sense)
8: My flash messages don't seem to disappear, fixit.
9: Label margins are acting wierd, ...fixit
10: Having the reptile ID as the URL string looks a bit ugly, I'd like to replace it with the name
	This would probably involve querying by name instead of ID and setting global ID then.

11: I found a similar program (for pay) called ReptiWare. It does a bit of what I'm making (but looks cooler).
	I did not see that it had graphs of information, but it did show tables of info,
	I could make the charts and tables swappable with a button
	They also didn't seem to use any sensor integration, so I'd have that over it as well.
	Wow, They charge $7 per month or $70 per year. Its not a flat charge. I could charge for usage as well, but cheaper.

12: Ideally when enclosure data is entered, I'd like to check that the date is not already in the reptile's files
	If the date is found I'd like to update the cool/warm/humid with the newly entered data

13: IMPORTANT: I;m currently holding the user info on the server just to simplify the url,
		If there's a lot of users that'll be a ton of memory,
		Instead I should make reptile names required to be unique in the addition page and in the database
		Doing that will let me search by name and user_id as easily as reptile_id
	I'm on the charting branch but my routing's all messed up so i gotta fix that before I can pass data in by ajax
	The problem is, I don't want the url to be a big string of numbers so I'm using the names
	I can't figure out how to have a persistent client reptile like the user so I've been querying for each reroute

	When the user logs in, I want them taken to the cage page for their first reptile
	If I imported the Reptile object to profile.js, I could....
	this is really messy in my head

	logging in should find the user's first reptile and take them to it.
	there are 2 ways I could do that
	1: import Reptile to profile and redirect directly to the page using the reptile name
	2: direct to the base page which will perform the check and redirect the name'd page

	I've been doing it the second way, but it seems very indirect

	I could try setting the reptile links to a name and giving each one the reptile_id as a data-id,
	but i can't see what id doo iwht it
	